

Show something when you fall (break your ankle)
Introduce accidents
Make something age related


There are silly steps (walking while waitrissing) and nice steps walking in the forest.
What data, nobody is interested in how much I read how much I write.

week range look if there is a tendancy try to correlate them with something else the day your paid the number of drones that fall that day.

The flaneur can break the process maybe slow walk.

What shoes are you walking high heals wich kind of road, 

La marche est une manière de fixer le temps, de mettre en place des repères visuels, parceque la marche est un processus lent.

Comment reconnecter à un corps concret, 

How does it ameliorates your relation to oneself to one's sport practice.

For the moment all ivery muscular how to go to skin bones.

There is no choice of the type of social implication. 

Nous sommes tous parties prenantes d'une communauté mais aucun de nous ne peut utiliser la production collective.

Essentialisation of the data: Data becomes your essence.
  - we all are data name sex ssnumber
  - what happens to people that are not numbered (even trees are numbered)
  - those numbers are an identification not a description

Comment au connecte les données à l'expérience, par des systèmes d'archivage.

Everything is blured, there is no age, no season, no feelings.

A street game, capture with your phone every sexist image that you see in the street and correlate it with your heart beat to get further analyse useful for social security and women's health.


What would be the emancipation of fitbit:
  - what measure ould emancipate you
  - what kind of measure would help you to emnacipate yourself.



Have more complex data, combine different data correlate in new ways
  - Psychiatric data 
  - Need of more complex data to make correlations

Is fitbit used in Africa? By whom?

Une des premières nomenclature est le ICD, la classification des raisons possibles de décès.

A digital form where you could share very broadly personal feminine data to know that you are not.





 










